d'oh assignment. That is not a good fit. So you know, you've got each
command is roughly two years. We've got 10 to years commands. But you're
gonna deal with a 20 year during that time. You know you're gonna
after Mads, that you're gonna like and have a talk myself. A 30 year
career. By that logic, I had 15 commands. So roughly at 17 commands
told from the beginning And of the 17 there's only three of the
17 that I would say I would not go back to. I would not go back to that.
I did. Um, I hope you have a lovely like you're joining. But when
you're enduring those 3 17 are not comfortable, not fun, if you will,
was drawn the navy to see the world and have a great toe with some
fun along the way. Or are you doing frankly? What are you doing?
One thing your lover is if it's a personnel offline, you or the other
person is goingto thank you your throat. I don't want anyone to stand
off for two years, but frankly, if they're out of cycle means just
a year before that person or persons changed out. So best thing
to do at that point is Brendan Barrett tour. But you don't want to be
labeled as the problem, child. Couldn't get it done. So do your tour
serve the nation? Remember, I This is one of my flight out of 17.
Well, okay, that's okay. You can do that because the other 14 gonna
be passed. That's a pretty good bad.